There are many things we love about Liz. We love her sense of adventure. We love how much fun it is traveling with her — taking tours, seeing the sights, and, critically, eating every two hours, which, by the way, is the correct amount. 

But here's the thing about Liz. She has a genuine superpower. Not a fun, whimsical superpower like 'she always finds a parking spot' or 'she can name any 80s song in three notes.' No. Liz can construct a complete psychological profile of any human being almost immediately and with almost no information. She's like a supertaster, but for people.

Example 1: Years ago, we introduced Liz to an acquaintance. She spoke to this person for fifteen seconds. Later that day, Liz called us with her assessment: 'Pathological liar.' We had no idea. But we later found out she was completely correct.

Example 2: We were in Berlin last year — and we'd signed up for a street art walking tour. We got to the meeting point at Alexanderplatz, and our guide was a man named Miguel. Unsmiling. Would not make eye contact. Liz had already seen enough. She leans over and whispers, 'OK. We're giving this guy half an hour, and if it doesn't get better, we're out of here.'

Within minutes, Miguel is thumping his chest while explaining that he knows nothing about art. He's warning us that Americans — especially white ones — are being violently targeted in Berlin. He's telling us not to photograph him because, and I quote, 'I have too many enemies.' He then says, unprompted, 'I hate tourists. I don't want to be doing this.' SIR, YOU ARE A TOUR GUIDE. THAT IS LITERALLY THE JOB.

Now, we're standing there, paralyzed by politeness, thinking, 'Maybe it gets better? Maybe he's just warming up?' But Liz? She's pulling us onto a train going who knows where. Anywhere, as long as it creates distance between us and Miguel. 

Liz was right again! Of course she was right! HOW IS SHE ALWAYS RIGHT?!

She's a one-woman version of the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit, and if that's not the most endearing quality a person could possess, then I don't know what is.

Happy birthday, Liz, we love you more than you could know!

[add that all of us here have passed Liz's test]